Add setup script and updates for wilms data (#818)
AlexsLemonade/training-modules: scRNA-seq-advanced/setup/wilms-tumor/README.md

The shell script in this directory downloads processed `SingleCellExperiment` object for the `SCPCS000203` sample from `SCPCP000006` (Wilms tumor) using the data download mechanism from OpenScPCA.

You may want to run it with your OpenScPCA conda environment activated.

> By default, it will use an AWS profile called `openscpca` and download data from the `2024-11-25` OpenScPCA release.

Reviewer: Making this match my suggestion. 
```suggestion
By default, it will use your currently active AWS profile (falling back to one called `openscpca` if not set) and download data from the `2024-11-25` OpenScPCA release.
```

You can alter the AWS profile or release with the following:

```sh

> PROFILE={profile} RELEASE={release} ./download-openscpca-data.sh

Reviewer: Let's use the standard name for this environment variable?
```suggestion
AWS_PROFILE={profile} RELEASE={release} ./download-openscpca-data.sh
```
